academy finally comes from the
Greek philosopher what is called platon
and the pocket privilege that moment by
platon was an approach from
centers of interest
the whole ritual spa project as
other projects that are tanned
that help me are very much associated with a
perseverance question late
the dream begins with a phase the phase
and there we have seen by the success of this
this first phase which let's say is
quite unique in its meaning by the
partnership that links around the
end of the subsequent phases of course
the primary purpose of sport study was that
people can have a normal life
with his friends with his family that they
can enjoy all of this and be
able to practice his sport at the level of
they wanted hopes and those of their
teens
with sports studies it's really
nice organization because if they
had passed the gymnasts we would not
not able to get to the level that
takes place because it takes too much
of training hours that outside of
school if that would be it really
wait time level in the
I play two hours for his mother
does not reappear thanks to the program that out
program very singles singles by 6
so that's the double the program of
music is the one with the best
teams
especially if you have plenty of time to
every day two hours of music in
more of the academy than the morning what
makes that more compatible since there is
is good
motorcycle slipped fishing part of the house
I was in Montreal for the
baseball because he had no
structure city today my nerves
without joy the baseball trains at one
want to team trees in the middle
powerful thank you but the players of our
region or infrastructure we are from
more and more workouts that are
your nostrils you national so that's
striking of a nature retention
I would say that the academy of booms
if it is the accompaniment the test my
teachers one thing that was there that's
really support support to all
days backs up like I said when we
part in competition where they are there
catch-up sessions and study period
of individualized and then all alone
85% say many other models
the young people works there in well
still 1 15% jungle it takes
work differently
then that's where we work
starts the spar structure is sure to
what they aim for academy I think
that my motivation comes from everything except
of the sports world of values
instilled in the sport can be
able to live daily
this unexpected
we can help you become
good sized brothers face already clean
and we had pulled out the cabin and the
rampage according to mrs soumahoro
and another achievement top a
reaches the rate can reach its goal
but his world with friends work cat
then if you really want to take it
but your statement
if we turn the wine you show me
your character
the dream has come true is what we
can remember from this adventure it's so
we do not have rai said this lady
years
furze the project of the estaques years that
it's become for me it's a trace
important in the history of a
community and that a great vision comes
the usa
and then they managed to multiply on
stung 6 to do powerful leverage example
to raise the same thing everywhere
elsewhere but quebec on a day a
some of the best places
to help you
succeed with our people who have been in
able to offer them centers
interests the extent of their expectations to
the extent of their patients have it either
in the trees this is in space this
either in the team can and not
and
because success for me is
simply to be happy in his wine
in what we do in terms that
have said